I've heard that said before.
Like this wild ginseng
People take a piece when they can't
You can drop the gas into the ground
This is a life saver.
It's not that wild ginseng is priceless in itself
Breeds like this
That's even more worthless
I am in the wholesale of medicinal materials.
Like this top-notch wild ginseng
Never seen in my life
Look at that boot
It's thicker than my thumb.
If you want me to say less than 500 years, 500 years
Okay, okay, Dean Xu has a heart
As long as you like it.
Ha ha.
how
Do you have an opinion?
Since Mr. Yang wants to give some pointers
Then ask Mr. Yang to come over
I'd like to hear Mr. Yang's opinion
It's just a farmed garbage job
Hypnotic
Dean Xu, your eloquence is so good
Can you put such a rubbish
Said to be the body of heaven
I'm afraid Dean Qu's medical skills
Same as this junk
Only its expression